Gary Young: I wait.
Wade Brown: Hello, Gary.
Gary Young: How you doing?
Wade Brown: Doing great. You still employed?
Gary Young: Regrettably.
Gary Young: But I was on jury duty today, so I was trying to figure out,
Gary Young: you know, could I use that to get jury duty, pay instead of, unpead leaf?
Wade Brown: Oh, I mean, you could, right? Like, my partner just got off of jury duty, and he works for Waymo, which is just Google 2.0.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, in fact, there's a… I'm sure you… they probably told you, but, like, there's this whole…
Wade Brown: problem with, like, you're gonna have to waive, like, the $15 a day, or whatever, otherwise Google's gonna make you do a shit ton of paperwork to, like, pull it out of your salary and other stuff.
Gary Young: The last I looked at it, Google just said, yeah, just keep the 15 bucks.
Wade Brown: Oh, they told him to wave it.
Gary Young: Okay. I mean… But it was interesting, the, at the courthouse, they said, if you are getting… if you're still getting paid, you're not allowed to collect the $15 from us.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, that makes sense.
Wade Brown: $15 is, you know, a lot of money.
Wade Brown: I can put a down payment on, like, a Big Mac.
Gary Young: But, I got excused from the jury. If I was gonna actually do it longer, then it would make a difference, but…
Wade Brown: Oh, you got excused?
Gary Young: Oh. Okay.
Wade Brown: Why do you think you gotta get the boot?
Gary Young: I told them that I was going to be giving a presentation on privacy and regulatory compliance, and how that impacts law enforcement evidence.
Wade Brown: Oh, jeez. See…
Gary Young: I'm a speaker on an international panel on this topic.
Wade Brown: And so you have a certain bias or, something toward the police investigation.
Gary Young: I'm just saying, like, I know how this stuff actually works, and so, like.
Wade Brown: Well, that should be good!
Gary Young: the jury who actually knows how it works.
Wade Brown: I mean, I guess you don't know if it was the defense or the prosecution that kicked you off.
Gary Young: Yep.
Wade Brown: You don't, right? Like, I assume you just, you know, got told, nope, get out of here. So you got as far as the interview, though, so they took you into the DMV waiting room and everything?
Wade Brown: I mean, it's… it's a…
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: boring waiting room, right? Like, where you're just stuck for the day.
Gary Young: But he said something something September, and so they might call him back in September.
Wade Brown: Interesting.
Gary Young: So…
Wade Brown: I've never even gotten that far.
Wade Brown: I always get the, you know, check-in online every, you know, every day, and for 2 weeks, and nothing comes of it.
Gary Young: But wait, you didn't hear the exciting part, which was that, the jury duty was in Morgan Hill.
Wade Brown: That's a drive!
Wade Brown: How are you… how are you there?
Gary Young: Apparently, Santa Clara County is a large county.
Wade Brown: Is Morgan Hill that…
Gary Young: Yeah, look at… look at Santa Clara County on Google Maps, and you'll.
Wade Brown: Hive.
Gary Young: It's actually pretty big.
Wade Brown: I mean, I know it's kind of large, but
Wade Brown: Oh my god, you're not kidding.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I guess… I guess I forget that we're really at the northern end of it.
Wade Brown: Wow! So you could end up in Gilroy?
Gary Young: I guess in theory. I mean, I've always been called to, like, downtown San Jose.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary Young: my house there.
Wade Brown: That's the common one. That's the biggest one, and you know…
Wade Brown: Probably the most racially profiled one.
Wade Brown: I guess so. Well, we don't… we don't cover Oakland or Fremont, okay.
Wade Brown: Damn.
Wade Brown: So wait, where did you, were you actually in Morgan Hill the other day?
Wade Brown: Or were you just on Zoom? You did have to go all the way to… Wow.
Gary Young: Yeah, and I also had a midterm for my accounting class today.
Gary Young: At 10 AM.
Wade Brown: Well, I guess the midterm took a backseat to your, your jury duty.
Gary Young: So it was a 90-minute midterm.
Gary Young: And I got excused at 10.15.
Gary Young: So I drove 45 minutes to arrive 1 hour late to the midterm.
Gary Young: Sat down, started the midterm an hour late.
Gary Young: Finished it in 30 minutes, and then turned it in on time.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's pretty good, then.
Gary Young: That's great.
Gary Young: So, things could have been a much bigger train wreck today.
Wade Brown: Pretty successful day, I gotta say. You got out of jury duty, you get your midterm down, like, that's, you know, I made some chicken tinga today, that's about all I can say.
Kostadis Roussos: Jenny?
Gary Young: Let's see, I am missing… The spreadsheets.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: The initiative tracker's always the last one I open.
Gary Young: Oh, I see. It's on this other…
Gary Young: screen. I'll just put it over here.
Wade Brown: Four screens.
Gary Young: So, one thing about more screens is that,
Gary Young: If a camera is above one screen, and you're looking at another screen, then it looks like you're not paying attention to the person.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah, I'm looking at you. I'm on one screen, but my camera is in the middle of an ultra-wide, year over here.
Gary Young: Yeah, thank you.
Wade Brown: I can move you there now.
Kostadis Roussos: If you guys tell me something, I want to try something.
Gary Young: Sure.
Wade Brown: Oh, I can see that I'm also black, or, you know, well, hold on, witness protection.
Kostadis Roussos: Did my eyes look as if I'm looking at you right now?
Wade Brown: Oh, God, don't do that.
Gary Young: Yes.
Wade Brown: Don't do that, do not do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I see.
Gary Young: What's he doing?
Wade Brown: It gives you anime eyes, which is far worse than the following.
Wade Brown: Yeah, don't do that.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just curious.
Wade Brown: That is a… that is a… AI gone awry.
Gary Young: for that?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's… well, I don't know if there's a filter for that, but there's definitely an NVIDIA broadcast app that you can use.
Wade Brown: Yeah, don't use it.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's kind of hard to use, because, like, how do I… if I'm not looking, how do I look? So I was just curious whether it did what it said it did, so…
Wade Brown: I don't think any of us are gauging you on your eye contact, at least, so, like.
Kostadis Roussos: I, dude, I… this was…
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I found this gadget. I had to try it out, that's all.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: I mean, I might still have face rig on here, hold on.
David Mendenhall: On the mountains, Castadis?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's from my house in Santorin, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Hi, Santorini.
David Mendenhall: Are you in Santorini?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I'm in my, house in Sunnyvale.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I was kind of like… No, I'm just kind of…
Gary Young: Buttsin' around.
David Mendenhall: What are we doing today?
Gary Young: I.
Kostadis Roussos: Just having a little bit too much fun.
Gary Young: recently.
Kostadis Roussos: with technology.
David Mendenhall: Oh, right, we were converting all the heathens.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what happened, as I tried to remind you all… well, the last thing that you guys were doing.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, let's see.
Gary Young: Good, you're…
David Mendenhall: Very loudly typing, Gary.
Gary Young: I'm trying to, created an image of the scene. Sorry, I'll… let me… Likewise.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: happening.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. After a tense confrontation at the Druid councils, Vikraden settled an old debt with Vadabra by bailing her 6 gold pieces, 5 owed plus 1 for interest, in organic fair trade gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Back at the Stonehill Tavern, Lyra praised Vukradin's dramatic exit from the Council, crediting with masterfully redirecting Adabra's fury before walking out and rendering her arguments moot. The party also reported to Sir Kaelin about Sister Kayla's escape and Corbin's death, agreeing to hand off the pursuit to the Lord's Alliance.
Kostadis Roussos: Alliance… Lord's Alliance. Alliance Representative Jen Orozco made her pitch to recruit the group, but Blueberry's thunderous burp made his feelings on the matter unmistakably clear. The party then set out into the wilderness with Centaur Alla Exanth.
Kostadis Roussos: who warned them that the White Dragon's disruption had driven a dangerous new force into the forest. Fork followers of Talos, likely led by a newly chosen cleric champion. Along the way, Bukradin delivered an impassioned speech that moved a group of illegal loggers to tears and convinced them to report their employer to Neverwinting… Winter, leaving the Druids they had been harassing utterly stunned.
Kostadis Roussos: Deeper in the porous, the party discovered a charred, 40-foot dead pine tree reigned with 10 sinister twig dolls bound in black hair.
Kostadis Roussos: Despite Blueberry's warning, Blue Crabin destroyed the dolls one by one with radiant energy, each one releasing a still, beating pig's heart and causing the tree's roots to violently erupt from the earth.
Kostadis Roussos: Boney, the horse, was ensnared. Soma transformed into a giant elk to break free, and Soma worked to rescue the horse, while Vocraden methodically purged every heart until the roots finally fell still. Actually, they didn't fall still, but anyways.
Kostadis Roussos: Pressing on toward the circle of thunder, the party was met by ten orcs and a clawed Telusian cleric on the opposite ridge of a 60-foot gully. Vukradin attempted to sway the orcs with a speech about Lathander, giving some pause, but Falfine's brilliant display of radiant holy energy enraged the cleric, who branded her a false cleric and ordered the attack.
Gary Young: The battle for the Circle of Thunder was about to begin.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Did we do initiative?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, so…
David Mendenhall: On the initiative tracker, we're now proceeding to row 5, which is… We didn't number all of these guys.
David Mendenhall: Number them if you'd like.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait a second…
David Mendenhall: Orc1.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: This is where you need Fireball.
Wade Brown: Well, luckily, we have some.
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the.
David Mendenhall: You do?
Wade Brown: We've got the beads!
David Mendenhall: We don't have that.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so it's an ironclad lockbox.
Gary Young: We could do Spirit Gardens, but instead we'll use, we could stay late.
David Mendenhall: We're going to persuade all the orcs to join Lathander. We just need to take out the, we just need to take out the.
Kostadis Roussos: And just for the record, it doesn't quite work that way. I spent a lot of time on these mechanics.
Kostadis Roussos: But it does work, it can work to distract, delay, cause people to do things like that. You don't convert… people do not get converted because of a pleasant speech.
David Mendenhall: vending truck?
Gary Young: Converted because of the glory of the sun.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's.
Gary Young: Glory and power of the sun.
David Mendenhall: The whole premise of religion is that you are converted based on speeches.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's in… that's in a… that's in a real world, like, as…
Wade Brown: Fantasy.
Kostadis Roussos: As Valfine would say, have you seen The Power of the Sud?
Gary Young: Have you felt it scorching your skin and your eyes?
Kostadis Roussos: unapologetic violence?
David Mendenhall: Alright, orc won.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, just…
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna keep trying, by the way.
Wade Brown: make bony alarm.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on. Okay, just to be clear, I just want to be clear, like, what the mechanical effect is, because I spent some time trying to figure out what the heck is that mechanical effect.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, just so that we're all on the same page. So they all start off as hostile, alright? So they're all hostile. When you use your thing, they move… you have a chance to move them from hostile to neutral, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: When they move to neutral, they will pause and not necessarily attack that round.
Kostadis Roussos: So you have… you can distract them. You can keep hit… you can keep trying to move a group to not neutral, that takes another action. If you move them to not neutral, they might, like, sort of go, you know what, this isn't our fight, whatever. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: In addition… what? Does that make sense?
David Mendenhall: with that.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… I just wanna… I spent some.
David Mendenhall: I don't have Fireball, so I need area Operations.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, I… and I… and I thought that was a reasonable mechanic, alright?
David Mendenhall: That, that sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, when you cast the spell, you roll a Persuasion. Obviously, you're almost always gonna ski, they roll their wisdom, blah blah blah. Yeah. Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright, orc won. And I don't know which orcs were dissuaded from, by… by my rousing origin.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on, you picked 3, right?
David Mendenhall: I picked 3, yeah. It was the.
Kostadis Roussos: The roller details.
David Mendenhall: Coast.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, just pick 3D10.
Kostadis Roussos: Just, just roll a deep, okay.
David Mendenhall: It was the… it was the ones nearest the cleric.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let's make a note of.
David Mendenhall: 156?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, 156. So, 156…
David Mendenhall: are distracted.
Kostadis Roussos: 5 and 6.
David Mendenhall: I will make.
Kostadis Roussos: Not distracted, they're… they've moved from.
David Mendenhall: No stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, to neutral. Still will attack, but they might… they're not gonna, like, the… Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I've written it down. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, thank you.
David Mendenhall: One, who is neutral?
Wade Brown: Before we start, can you make Boney large? Just in case it'll… it matters for targeting and all that, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, he's large?
Gary Young: It says, can you make my bone large?
Wade Brown: Oh, no, no, I say you DO make my boonie lunch.
Gary Young: Alright.
Wade Brown: That's one for the AI to transcribe.
David Mendenhall: Fuckin' A.
Wade Brown: I mean, Soma's gonna be huge soon, so there's that.
Wade Brown: I don't know if this is useful or not, but she is…
David Mendenhall: One, two is neutral.
Wade Brown: enormous.
Kostadis Roussos: Gary, you obviously have had too much free time on your hand. All right.
Gary Young: With what?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, where are we? Orc1, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Orc 1 is not going to… well, Orc 1… since Orc 1 starts, Orc 1's gonna kind of, like…
Kostadis Roussos: go this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, do a flanking attack, he says. I'm not… I'm not charging. Alright.
David Mendenhall: linking attack, alright. Alright, or two can charge.
Gary Young: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 2, however… Screams for Thalos!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I need to just make sure I remember what works can do…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that doesn't work. Okay. So, or Quan, right?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Why do you people do this to me? I hate you. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Orcs, blah blah blah…
Kostadis Roussos: As a bonus action. Oh, okay, so he can actually move it as a bonus action. Alright, so the arc charges you with a bonus action and hits.
David Mendenhall: Hit who?
Kostadis Roussos: Bukraden.
David Mendenhall: What was phys- oh, did you roll, like, a physical die or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, about… no, he hits, I didn't mean he actually hits.
Wade Brown: He's here straight here to town.
David Mendenhall: Things at me. Okay, do your attack.
Kostadis Roussos: He swings his greataxe.
Kostadis Roussos: Rolls of 19. Okay.
David Mendenhall: Hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Or a 16.
David Mendenhall: Why does that not work?
David Mendenhall: Am I not connected?
Wade Brown: A test roll?
Wade Brown: Now you're making me curious.
David Mendenhall: First rule, tabletop not found.
David Mendenhall: Which do I… where do I reload?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, probably your browser and your D&D Beyond are not the same ones.
Wade Brown: -Oh, yeah, my die roll isn't showing up either.
David Mendenhall: Yay.
Wade Brown: -Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if we… if I go to… if I go to the D…
David Mendenhall: Open a D&D Beyond character sheet and try again.
David Mendenhall: Okay…
Wade Brown: Where's my extensions?
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna refresh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, turns out if I go to the campaign game log, I can see it.
David Mendenhall: This is… really bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Are we complaining about the design… software design choices of this team?
David Mendenhall: Did it cast that time? It did not.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'll try one more time.
David Mendenhall: It did not work. Alright, I'm gonna cast Silvery Barbs.
David Mendenhall: I don't know why it's not working.
David Mendenhall: Which means.
Wade Brown: Another half.
David Mendenhall: Reroll your D20.
Kostadis Roussos: Re-roll, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: You used to do 20 for something, re-roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Rolled a 9.
David Mendenhall: You get a 9, so you miss?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright, excellent. And since I cast a spell.
David Mendenhall: That means I, on my next turn, will have another use of Universal Speak.
David Mendenhall: Which I look forward to using.
David Mendenhall: And,
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, Silvery Barb is not a spell, it's… Silvery Barb is a cantrip, right?
David Mendenhall: It is a spell!
David Mendenhall: It is a first level spell.
David Mendenhall: It is not a cantrap.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody died, TPK, hold up first. Okay, fair enough, fair enough.
David Mendenhall: And I can choose a different creature that I can see.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a new character, Dave.
David Mendenhall: Hi, Natasha. The chosen creature will have advantage on their next attack roll. Who's attacking next?
Gary Young: Oh my god.
David Mendenhall: So we'll give, we'll give,
David Mendenhall: We'll give Brewberry advantage on his next attack.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I am done The Cleric. Anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the end core right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: That's weird. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I think I'm gonna see too.
Kostadis Roussos: Music.
David Mendenhall: How does, how does the Bless work, by the way? The Bless that we have?
Kostadis Roussos: It's just a normal bless. It just lasts for 10 rounds, and it doesn't require concentration.
Wade Brown: And it… it's like a pre-done thing.
David Mendenhall: You just always add a D4, you just add a D4.
David Mendenhall: and saving throws? Okay.
Gary Young: I'll put it on the screen for you.
Wade Brown: I thought it was one of the characters in your party donates a charge or whatever, and they all have one.
Gary Young: No.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's…
Wade Brown: What's that?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's got… he's got that special, ability.
Wade Brown: Sure.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: I am trying to figure out what I'm doing.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Wade Brown: That's…
Gary Young: Alright.
David Mendenhall: We can do it. Awesome. Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's going to blast, Vukridin, the Centaur, and Blueberry with a Lightning Bolt. 8d6.
David Mendenhall: Ouch.
Gary Young: Run Brewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, so we just tell you damage is 8D6,
Kostadis Roussos: 29 if you don't make a sitting throw. Spell DCs, for those of you who are keeping track at home.
Kostadis Roussos: Spell DC is… 12.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I made it.
David Mendenhall: So, it's 14… 14 days?
Kostadis Roussos: You have to… Do you have to roll a concentration check, or not? Yeah, 14.
David Mendenhall: What am I concentrating on?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you… is a universal speech not a concentration of color, or is it… No. No.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I just was… in case you were concentrating, I didn't know if you were. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me get the Initiative Tracker over here.
Kostadis Roussos: The Centauri.
Gary Young: bearing makes us safe.
Gary Young: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Centaur, I need to roll from the Centaur saving throne.
Gary Young: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: He makes a save as well. Takes 14 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: He says something profane in his local dialect.
Kostadis Roussos: Box over here…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no. It stays over here.
Kostadis Roussos: You,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he makes an attack with his longbow.
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: And attacks another time with his longbow.
Kostadis Roussos: At the anchorite, and does, 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: No, sorry, I should mark that in the, tracker. 52. Somebody put 52?
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So am I, Europe.
Wade Brown: Yeah… So, I mean…
David Mendenhall: Bare time!
Wade Brown: No, it's not. We're no longer in bear mode.
Wade Brown: Oh.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Can you make this token huge?
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
Wade Brown: This… this one down here that I also suddenly can't operate.
David Mendenhall: The moose?
Wade Brown: The elk.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: She's huge, and I can't operate her.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, really?
Wade Brown: Yeah, she's on another plane of existence or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Controlled by all players. Alright, you should be able to control her now.
Wade Brown: Mmm… yes. Okay.
Wade Brown: Alright, so… yep, she's within 60 feet, so…
David Mendenhall: time.
Wade Brown: Charge!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: So, charge does a couple of things. Okay, I'm gonna reload this.
David Mendenhall: Well, we don't want to hurt… we don't want to hurt Orc 1.
Wade Brown: No, no, we're hurting the, the.
Kostadis Roussos: That's correct.
Wade Brown: Yeah, the anchor, right, the magic user.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Wade Brown: My buttons broke again. Cleric.
David Mendenhall: talents.
Wade Brown: Yeah, the cleric…
Kostadis Roussos: It's actually the… it's actually, strictly speaking, a druid of Talos.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Some Druid on Druid action here.
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Wade Brown: Why is… why are my buttons not working at the moment?
David Mendenhall: Let's cast Lightning Bolt now? Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, is that…
Wade Brown: Nature spell, for sure.
David Mendenhall: Oh, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Not quite a druid. I mean, they're styled as a druid. In 5th edition, they kind of… anyway, I couldn't.
Wade Brown: Oh, there we go, alright.
Wade Brown: So, we're going to, RAM…
Wade Brown: That looks like a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: 6 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Now, hold on, that's only half of it. Why does this keep eating the button? And then, so, he takes an extra… yeah.
Wade Brown: What on earth happened here with the…
Wade Brown: Did it not do the damage number? I just see DC14's Terracos.
Wade Brown: What on earth is going on with the add-ons today?
David Mendenhall: not working today.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's just, like, intermittently working. So, it takes an extra… I'm just gonna roll it in the chat.
Kostadis Roussos: If you… if you tell me… if I go to the campaign thing, it'll tell me. You…
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, it should be in the campaign log.
Wade Brown: I'm just annoyed why this isn't working.
Kostadis Roussos: It's actually not stemacht.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it didn't pull it at all. I'm just gonna roll it by hand, hold on, I gotta figure out what it was.
Wade Brown: 2d6.
Wade Brown: Alright, takes another 6…
Kostadis Roussos: 12 total, right?
Wade Brown: 12, and it's, must see the DC14 strength, or it is prone.
Kostadis Roussos: 12, and what is the D… what is the DC?
Wade Brown: Dc14 Strength.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's prone.
Wade Brown: Yeah, alright.
Wade Brown: On your belly.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Orcs 3, 4, and 5.
David Mendenhall: Number 5 is neutral.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep.
Wade Brown: Oh, alright.
Wade Brown: Did we do the…
Wade Brown: Oh, somebody already got the 12 and the prone? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so I think he's going to, number… that's number 9, right? So 3.
Kostadis Roussos: 3 is going to…
Kostadis Roussos: Charge here… And attack… the bard.
Kostadis Roussos: Because the bard's between… because they can't reach the cleric, that's why. And Blueberry looks kind of scary.
Gary Young: He's not reading yet, unfortunately.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: 3… Alright, that was a miss. Who's next?
Kostadis Roussos: 4?
David Mendenhall: Or…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… This guy…
Wade Brown: Snake Eyes on 2D6, that's annoying. Oh well.
Kostadis Roussos: He'll come over here, And he'll attack you.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor class?
Wade Brown: like, 17.
Kostadis Roussos: As an elk?
Wade Brown: Yes, 17.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then 5…
David Mendenhall: 5 is neutral.
Kostadis Roussos: 5 is neutral. 5 is gonna, kind of, You know…
Gary Young: Power.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's gonna kinda go over here…
David Mendenhall: Take the rear guard.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I was gonna kinda go over here…
David Mendenhall: He's gonna line up the arrow shot.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's gonna kinda sorta be over here, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Shoot at the… shoot lackadaisically at the,
Kostadis Roussos: At the Big Elk, because it's kind of scary.
Wade Brown: That doesn't look scary.
Gary Young: Everything's.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a matter of perspective, you're right.
David Mendenhall: Tiny little orc! Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, you know, he's kind of like…
David Mendenhall: Shooting with disadvantage, or a minus 2 to hit?
Kostadis Roussos: It's the.
Wade Brown: We're outside of a barn.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, yeah, dude, it's like even… although he's only got a javelin, so let's see, it might actually be, barely within range. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Throw a javelin, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 17, that is a hit.
Wade Brown: Fiddlsticks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's down to, but he has no more javelins, so he's… he's gonna definitely be, you know…
Wade Brown: How much?
Kostadis Roussos: Oops, sorry, yes.
Wade Brown: Alright, I put that on temporary, and…
Kostadis Roussos: 6 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Alright, so she's now at 12.
David Mendenhall: Okay, Boney is up.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we're just treating Boney as a… I… Human warrior sidekick.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: That's fine, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Can I come, can he make it over to the cleric?
Wade Brown: s… Believe so, he has a…
David Mendenhall: He has a lot of movement, right?
Wade Brown: Well, that's the weird thing, he… yeah. 60 would put him about there.
David Mendenhall: He can go through the elk, yeah, perfect.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: You can put this…
Gary Young: Speed and the, tracker.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I should do that.
Gary Young: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Damn.
Wade Brown: Yeah, boy, I just… Yeah, this mod just ain't fucking working for me today. Alright, there we go.
Wade Brown: Where is attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you draw these, by the way, or did you use AI?
Wade Brown: AI, of course!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Wade Brown: Yeah, I think that's a miss.
Wade Brown: Okay, what the hell's going on? There we go. Everything's just loading so slow. 14 on the Cleric is the…
David Mendenhall: That's quite an image you got there, Gary. I just see that now.
Wade Brown: Can I bless that, though.
Gary Young: I got a better one, hold on.
David Mendenhall: You can add a D4, yes.
Wade Brown: And on the anchorite, he… wait, he's prone! It should be auto-crit, isn't it?
David Mendenhall: No, no, it's not paralyzed.
Wade Brown: Oh, what did Prone add?
David Mendenhall: Doesn't.
Kostadis Roussos: grown.
Wade Brown: See, tap in action.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. an attack rule against you has advantage.
Wade Brown: But he also… yeah, but he also is… he's AC13.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he… yeah, oh, 14's a hit.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: And just… let's just see if it's a crit for the second… It's not a crit. Alright, so he takes another, 22 damage.
David Mendenhall: 22?
David Mendenhall: Oof, down to 18.
Kostadis Roussos: 22?
Wade Brown: Oh, sorry, yeah, maybe using this as a… I don't know, this is just with us on the longsword.
Wade Brown: 9 points a day. It'll be…
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, you wouldn't add it.
Wade Brown: It's just 13.
Wade Brown: Okay, I guess…
Kostadis Roussos: She's using a two-handed.
David Mendenhall: Using it two-handed, alright, so.
Wade Brown: Well, I mean, yeah, for lack of anything better, this is what Roll20 has for sidekicks.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, that's fine, that's fine, I think that makes sense. I just… I actually… I was the one who said it would be that way, because you can't really carry a shield. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay, orc6, who is neutral?
Kostadis Roussos: Mark 6, who is neutral.
Kostadis Roussos: What does Work6 do?
Kostadis Roussos: I need to figure this out. Give me a second.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I guess he's a brute.
Kostadis Roussos: Normal stance, I think a fresh alternative.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he will… He looks around…
Kostadis Roussos: His number… what was… what was the number again? Sorry, Dave, I… 6.
Kostadis Roussos: He'll just toss his javelin at the elk.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, he's neutral towards the cleric and whatnot, but, like, crazy animals, you know, kind of scary. 16, that's a miss.
David Mendenhall: Sound familiar?
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Orc, orc7.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, work 7 charges… You get your attack of opportunity now, Gary.
Gary Young: You mean for Barry?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Okay,
Gary Young: Hmm… okay.
Gary Young: I'll do this one as an attack opportunity.
David Mendenhall: You've been damned.
Kostadis Roussos: do whatever.
David Mendenhall: attack.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a miss.
David Mendenhall: You have an… you have advantage on this attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: That is a hit.
Gary Young: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: 8 points of damage?
Gary Young: He has Great Weapon Master.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so does he use it?
Gary Young: Does he not use it? How does that work?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you use it, it's a minus 5 to hit, plus 10 to… so, normally you're supposed to say it beforehand.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna assume that Brubberry always uses it, because he's not too clever, and, you know, that's kind of… it kind of… his character type is, like, you'd have to convince it. I'm gonna say that Blueberry, if… when Stefan's not here, Blueberry always uses the Great White.
David Mendenhall: Gaxim did. Gaxim always used it, even when it wasn't necessary.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and I think Blueberry's character type is to always use it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, plus 10 damage.
David Mendenhall: Did you kill the orb? I'm trying to… I'm trying to convert people, and you're killing them?
Gary Young: But he came to attack us.
Gary Young: What about this?
David Mendenhall: What the fuck?
David Mendenhall: How are we gonna win them over if you're slaughtering them?
Gary Young: Well, I mean, as soon as Burger gets a turn, he's got an idea.
David Mendenhall: 7 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it just did 18 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Alright, you're up, Brewberry, who are you gonna kill now?
Gary Young: Alright, well, first he should rage.
David Mendenhall: How about the, how about the cleric? You can kill the cleric.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's raged.
Gary Young: Should I kill these two that are right now?
David Mendenhall: I know.
Gary Young: to.
David Mendenhall: No, kill the cleric.
Gary Young: Okay.
Wade Brown: The prone cleric.
Gary Young: Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, they do attack you if you move towards their attacks.
Gary Young: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, let me ju- let me just see this. That's a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a hemis. Alright, keep going.
David Mendenhall: Shrug that off.
Kostadis Roussos: Quite, you know, the battle axe.
Gary Young: So I get 2 of these, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, the first attack is a miss.
Gary Young: I'm assuming…
Kostadis Roussos: Always…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you have BLASS, you have BLAST, so you add your D4.
Kostadis Roussos: 16 minus 5 plus 4 is 15. The first attack as a hit, does 24 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Okay, she's down to 3.
Kostadis Roussos: he.
Gary Young: And I guess the second one is a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: He's your Bardic inspiration.
Gary Young: Okay, how do I do that? 1D8?
David Mendenhall: Out of D8.
Wade Brown: You're attacking the prone guy, right? Don't you have advantage?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you have advantage. Before you do anything, you have to roll.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, you have advantage because he's prone, yeah, don't even bother.
Gary Young: Roll again.
Gary Young: Okay. 18.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you killed him.
David Mendenhall: Dead.
David Mendenhall: Alright, no more killing things, let's convert everybody!
Wade Brown: Like, that was just… you had to take out the god, right? Or the head vampire, whatever.
David Mendenhall: By the way, do they speak common?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh.
David Mendenhall: Well, then I could have just talked to all of them.
Gary Young: Well, I can… I can speak.
David Mendenhall: I made a point of talking in orc.
Gary Young: I'll speak to them in ORC as well.
David Mendenhall: You also speak Orc?
Gary Young: Yeah, come and try it.
David Mendenhall: What am I doing wasting all my special abilities when we could have just spoken common to them?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, but I mean, like, if you're trying to persuade them, cork's gonna work better.
David Mendenhall: It's in ORC.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, I just, you know…
David Mendenhall: Anyway, alright, orcs 8, 9, 10, and 11 are up.
David Mendenhall: And they're all virtual.
Gary Young: I think Blueberry needs to say, foolish worshipper of Talos, or something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: He runs.
Kostadis Roussos: 8.
David Mendenhall: See the way to the thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Otherwise, the next guy?
Gary Young: The Groubear is a heathen.
Wade Brown: I think technically Blueberry's a drunkard.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: Technically.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, that, that orc just left the battlefield, so orc number 8, just remove him from the tracker.
Wade Brown: Are they all scattering after the Cleric? Or Anchorite?
Kostadis Roussos: No, we'll figure this out.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
David Mendenhall: 8, 9, 10, and 11.
Gary Young: 8.
Kostadis Roussos: 9… 10. Okay, 9… let's see what 9 does…
Wade Brown: Pardon me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 9 does decide… 9 decides to attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, Boney… Boney offends him for some reason. 18, that… does that hit?
Wade Brown: Oh, that'll… pretty sure that hits him, yeah. I think he's, like, a 16.
Gary Young: And then Burberry will use this reaction, to…
Wade Brown: Teleported to range.
Gary Young: And, tank the hit.
Wade Brown: You're gonna protect Bony?
Gary Young: Sure.
Wade Brown: You realize when Bony dies, he just wakes up later, right? He's just skeletal.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you take all the… you take… you take damage.
Wade Brown: Pony's not hard to heal, you just kill them.
David Mendenhall: Are you gonna shrug off that damage?
Kostadis Roussos: 9 points of damage. 9 points of damage.
Gary Young: again.
Gary Young: That's the unmodified 9, so that's 4?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just… whatever. I told you the total.
David Mendenhall: Well, Raging, it's 4, and then you can shrug it off as well.
Gary Young: I'll just stick to 4.
David Mendenhall: You take the 4? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: What's next? Who's next?
David Mendenhall: Or up to 10.
Kostadis Roussos: 10.
Kostadis Roussos: It does turn it off.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. He comes over there…
Wade Brown: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: And the attacks of Alphine.
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: And his javelin misses spectacularly.
Wade Brown: Womp, womp.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright, 11?
Kostadis Roussos: 11.
Kostadis Roussos: 8, 9, 10, 11. So, I think I have two number 8s, so… we'll declare that that… and one of them went away, so we're good.
Gary Young: Sure. That'd be good.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody who could attack, attacked, so we can keep going.
Gary Young: So now we have Vercrotten.
David Mendenhall: Number 11? 11 doesn't do anything?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I… I had 2 number 8s, so I did 8, 8, 9, 10. Oh, I guess 11… I guess… I guess this guy does do something. He comes over here, and he attacks,
Kostadis Roussos: the elk. And this is… He knows. By the way.
David Mendenhall: clean it up.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, the orcs are seeing the elk as a potential prize piece of meat.
Wade Brown: I mean, I'm sure Elk is delicious.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, and your big elk, they're, like, going, Alright.
Wade Brown: So they, you know, they just watch the elk stomp their cleric leader, and they're like, oh, well, we're still hungry.
Kostadis Roussos: They never really liked him, you know, they're…
Wade Brown: Well, then they should convert more easily.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'm already talking to 1, 5, and 6. I'm going to add 4 more. I'm going to add 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, when you… when you talk… you… you use a…
Kostadis Roussos: You don't, like, every time you talk to them, you change the attitude of the three. You don't, like, for example.
David Mendenhall: I can… every round, I can talk to 4 more, so here.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but you're talking…
Wade Brown: They can understand.
David Mendenhall: me for one hour, so that doesn't go away. I'm just… I'm just adding more creatures to my…
David Mendenhall: group of understanding.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: So I'm going to add, two… 3… for…
David Mendenhall: And, what is that, 11 that's next to the elk?
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: So… And I will try to do an inspiring… am I persuading? I'm persuading, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You can do whatever you want.
Gary Young: I feel like we're intimidating them, though.
David Mendenhall: No, we're… we're bringing them to join… no, I want them to join Talos. I don't want them to be scared.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm gonna let, you know, the Lathandrian cleric and the bar decide, you know, which exactly variant of the religious orders of Lothander they wanna reflect on. Please resolve that.
David Mendenhall: I got 26.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: So 26 to persuade… 1, 2, 3, 4… 8 and 11… Over to Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: Are there…
Gary Young: Vander.
David Mendenhall: Lithander. I'm at Luthander.
Wade Brown: Wait, which one is 11?
Gary Young: There's one on the board that says 12.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That should play as well.
David Mendenhall: 10. 12 is 10.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Oh, I gotta mouse over some of the… oh, Jesus.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, it's 10.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Can I… can I upgrade all those who heard, or are you gonna do wisdom saves or something?
Kostadis Roussos: I did Wisdom Sense, yes, you can upgrade all those who.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so the neutrals go to…
Kostadis Roussos: The neutrals go to… receptive.
David Mendenhall: the son.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, basically, basically they're no longer interested in attacking you.
Kostadis Roussos: That doesn't mean they'll convert or change their point of view, it's just they look at the situation and go, you know what, maybe… maybe we… maybe this is not the right time and place to fight.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so… Belfina, you are up.
Wade Brown: Don't hit the receptive ones, please, huh?
David Mendenhall: Or the neutral ones.
Gary Young: kneel before the power of Lithender.
David Mendenhall: You could persuade.
David Mendenhall: You said you speak Orc.
Gary Young: Yes, in Orc, and…
David Mendenhall: Do you want to try to persuade the remaining 3? 7, 9, and 10?
Gary Young: Yeah, but I'm… Not persuading them, I'm intimidating them.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Gary Young: I said.
Kostadis Roussos: You're going with intimidation.
David Mendenhall: Verse 7, 9, and 10.
Gary Young: I'm very proud.
Wade Brown: Persuasive.
Gary Young: There we go. 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Two of them are not intimidated, and…
Kostadis Roussos: And one of the ones that was neutral has suddenly realized that Valfini is a joke.
Kostadis Roussos: So, just flip one of the neutral ones back to hostile.
Wade Brown: Aww.
David Mendenhall: Okay, we'll flip, the last one here.
Kostadis Roussos: Flip one of the hostile ones to neutral, so it kind of balances itself out.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so… 7, maybe.
Gary Young: Well, it was a… it was a plus zero, roll, so…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you, man, there's, like, you know, there's this…
Gary Young: Quick!
David Mendenhall: Alright, Soma, you are on…
Kostadis Roussos: The problem is that you're also a drow, and orcs don't like drows.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's tough.
Wade Brown: The two orcs get to do something.
David Mendenhall: They do.
David Mendenhall: Everyone who is receptive.
Kostadis Roussos: Or one who…
David Mendenhall: Don't… whatever just happened, please undo it.
David Mendenhall: We just, fair.
Gary Young: Yeah, I'm… I'm playing a bigger character, whether it's optimal or not is a different question.
David Mendenhall: Okay, orc1, who is receptive.
Kostadis Roussos: Or one who is receptive.
Gary Young: Let's see… And I don't get any, like, advantage for, the daylight spell and the circumstances.
Kostadis Roussos: They've rolled pretty high. Right.
Gary Young: Okay, fine.
Kostadis Roussos: They rolled… they rolled, like, a 16 and a 15, so… and you rolled a 9, so that was… that was.
Gary Young: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what… that was what I… that's how I educated it. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Alright, he will…
Kostadis Roussos: Tosses Javelin… at… Bony, because he finds him an abomination.
Wade Brown: That's accurate.
David Mendenhall: receptive, but he's gonna attack Boney?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because Bony's an undead, man.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, like, I'm dead freak him out. Having said that, Gary, you do have a reaction opportunity against number one, as he flees.
Gary Young: Against number one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Breweri can use his reaction if he so chooses.
Gary Young: to…
Wade Brown: Attack?
Gary Young: Beat down the heathens? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean, you know, to kill… to kill the…
Wade Brown: entered a square that Blueberry was threatened, or disengaged, whatever, right?
Gary Young: Yeah, okay, yeah, that's in character for Blueberry.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know. Brewberry's raging, there's a guy with a…
Gary Young: walk.
Gary Young: That's what?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he misses. Bye. This guy runs off the.
David Mendenhall: Blueberry, I said, don't attack!
David Mendenhall: Well, but you missed on purpose, right?
Gary Young: On purpose. He's just intimidating them.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to remind them that, you know, who's in charge, who's got the violence, who can do the stick.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Yep.
Gary Young: Rubbery's large and in charge.
David Mendenhall: I might be too nice.
Wade Brown: Xanth or whatever?
David Mendenhall: validation.
Kostadis Roussos: exam.
Wade Brown: Alright, why not did you go ARC 2?
David Mendenhall: Or too, neutral.
Kostadis Roussos: Orc2 is neutral, there is ORC 2.
Wade Brown: He's up here by Abu Kradin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: Org 2 says.
Kostadis Roussos: Demands some money.
Wade Brown: Her bus fare.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he says, you know, he says, you know, give me money and I let you live.
Wade Brown: Did he not just see us stomp his.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's not very bright.
David Mendenhall: I think I would say,
David Mendenhall: The followers of Lathander don't make such demands.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That does not achieve the desired effect, so he does swing his axe at you. He wanted money.
Kostadis Roussos: You could have just given a couple of copper, and he would have walked away, man.
Wade Brown: I should have.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, well, it's pretty typical of me, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I was just saying, like, you know.
David Mendenhall: Did you hit?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, did.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you take, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: 9 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: 9 points? Jesus.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know, that's why he wanted the money.
Kostadis Roussos: Rob, you figured, you figured… He's like, I don't want to kill you, man, I just want the money.
David Mendenhall: Rough. Alright, Xanth.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Xanth aims his crossbow at them.
Kostadis Roussos: His… Rather, his longbow.
Kostadis Roussos: Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, Xanthes suck. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Wade Brown: Soma.
Wade Brown: So Soma's gonna step away and take her attacks before this.
Wade Brown: So go ahead and, have 4 and 8, I guess, take their opportunity.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so… That's a hit.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Wade Brown: mess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, 9 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Alright, that doesn't matter then. Then she drops form.
Wade Brown: So we're back here, you're gone.
Wade Brown: And then she's gonna hop on Boney and try to ride him away.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Wade Brown: So, I assume 9 gets an attack on Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's a miss. Alright, yeah. So we get the abomination and the delicious meat away from, the guys.
Kostadis Roussos: They're kind of like, Err.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I need to get some on top of Boney. How do I layer these?
Kostadis Roussos: You just, you have to send… yeah, I just sent change, you just send one to back.
Wade Brown: I don't think I have that command. Yeah, I don't.
Wade Brown: We… you don't give us a lot of access. There we go, now she's on top.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… I don't give… I don't control most of these things. This is like… I'll send a note to the CTO of Roll20 and tell them to fix this.
Wade Brown: I think it's just… yeah, I mean, the only transform I have is, like, flip horizontal and vertical, that's it. Yep. Like, I can't do the growth or the shrink or anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, it's… it's…
Wade Brown: Anyway…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Mama gets out of the way so that, you know, there doesn't need to be any more bloodshed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We got rid of.
Wade Brown: of, you know, the proselytizer or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that fair, fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, my…
Wade Brown: 4 and 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, orcs 3, 4, and 5, let me just… where do I go?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gary Young: They are neutral, neutral, and receptive.
Kostadis Roussos: 3, 4, and 5, you said, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Alright, so let's see where we are here.
Kostadis Roussos: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: what they do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, fine. I don't know why this would work. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do, what does he do, what does he do? 2, 4, 5, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 3 and 5 flea.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, 3, wax you and then flees.
David Mendenhall: Food hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Okay, re-roll.
David Mendenhall: Excellent.
David Mendenhall: The re-roll worked.
Kostadis Roussos: And he flees.
Kostadis Roussos: You can give an attack of opportunity if you want.
David Mendenhall: Who?
Kostadis Roussos: Number 3.
Gary Young: Got it.
David Mendenhall: Bukranin?
Wade Brown: attack. Attack.
David Mendenhall: No, I'm not attacking, I'm like, dude, don't leave!
David Mendenhall: See the way to… to Lithander!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: away!
Kostadis Roussos: Cause, like, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: they're kind of like, you know, this is who we are. You know, you killed our big boss, you've shown your power of your God, and, you know, I tried to hit you, and I had this masterful hit, and it kind of missed. At this point in time, I'm kind of like, you know what, this just doesn't feel like the right… this does not feel like the right situation for me.
David Mendenhall: And… Can't… Maybe I should play a song or something. Maybe that would persuade.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, maybe if Alfina hadn't gone around screaming.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that probably didn't help.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know…
David Mendenhall: To the death metal, Vilfina.
Kostadis Roussos: And maybe if, you know, you weren't running around with an undead horse.
Wade Brown: What undead horse, we got out of the way.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, like, you know, there… there's some dynamics here that are causing confusion, right? The drow cleric with the light and the undead is kind of cause…
David Mendenhall: There is…
Gary Young: Yeah, I mean…
David Mendenhall: You're telling us we need to work on our… on our showmanship here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm…
David Mendenhall: We gotta work on the spectacle a bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Or disguises or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I have to say the performance…
David Mendenhall: This is why religious figures wear masks all the time.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's a… there's a reason why there's ceremonies… Structure.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, this was not the best organized religious ceremony.
David Mendenhall: Good attempt, though, it was a good attempt.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just gotta give her credit, gotta give her credit, you know?
David Mendenhall: No, you can't, you can't win them all.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, and you only get better by practice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Bony.
Wade Brown: Boney's just running off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright, works.
Wade Brown: in Soma with her.
David Mendenhall: receptive.
Wade Brown: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, 6 perspective…
David Mendenhall: Now, which one's flood? 3 and 5?
Kostadis Roussos: 4, 1, 4, 5, and 8.
David Mendenhall: 1, 4, 5, and 8 have all fled.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: and who were we looking at? Orc6, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Mark sucks.
Gary Young: 6 is receptive, and 7 is neutral.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's have a 7.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we'll put K7.
Wade Brown: Heh.
Kostadis Roussos: I just realized I have two images.
Wade Brown: Promoted to 7.
Kostadis Roussos: I will promote him to 7. Alright. Okay.
Gary Young: We have a son who's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, we do?
Gary Young: Sorry, 7 is dead.
Gary Young: Bund control.
Gary Young: I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, right.
Wade Brown: Literally dead.
Kostadis Roussos: We'll just leave it… okay, so we'll move him back to… we'll leave this guy back to 8.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so who, who… Not 228.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 6 is the only one that's up, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so 6 is new… is receptive?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. You know, he's seeing all of his buddies run, He's like, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, there's this bright light, he's kind of going to himself.
David Mendenhall: It's okay, you can go. Just tell your friends about Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's like… You know, he's kind of decided that life's too short. He's running.
David Mendenhall: Another flea, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Brewery.
David Mendenhall: You have advantage if you attack.
Gary Young: So, 9 is… Perfectly hostile.
David Mendenhall: 9, 10, and 11 are hostile.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: I think you should just stomp, number 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: waffle.
Gary Young: So, 23 hits…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: And I think that's for 11 damage, and then…
Gary Young: Yeah, so that should kill one of them.
David Mendenhall: Dead, 9 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I understand.
Wade Brown: Senseless bloodshed.
David Mendenhall: Non-lethal damage, right? Non-lethal.
Gary Young: Oh, that's right, that's right.
Gary Young: Knocking him unconscious with the helper.
David Mendenhall: Too late. Too late for the non-lethal?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think it was.
Gary Young: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Oh, alright, next time.
Gary Young: He says, oops, sorry.
Wade Brown: Don't know my own.
David Mendenhall: As blood squirts out of the body.
Gary Young: Excuse me.
Wade Brown: Whoops-a-doodles!
David Mendenhall: Alright, 10 hostile.
Kostadis Roussos: 10 hostile, right?
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, guys, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Town Hustle.
Kostadis Roussos: He just marches up to you. I guess, Burbury, you get an attack of opportunity?
Kostadis Roussos: I think you've already used your attack of opportunity.
Gary Young: No, I just had my turn, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, yeah, so it is. Okay.
Gary Young: Okay, this time, this is,
Gary Young: Yeah, this is, this is, non-lethal damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, what'd you do?
David Mendenhall: 15 is knocked, is knocked out.
Gary Young: 17, so I knocked him out with one hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you using your great… I don't think we… your great weapon master feed, I don't think, quite applies to that kind of deck.
Gary Young: So… This is not doing extra damage… yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, this is just normal? Okay, then you're not.
Gary Young: This is 15 base damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, fine, then that's… I didn't realize that, then yes, absolutely.
Gary Young: Cause this is.
Kostadis Roussos: 2010.
Gary Young: Plus 5 max roll.
Gary Young: Post 2.
Gary Young: Or is it plus 2?
Gary Young: Anyway, let's plus something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, who's this number 10? Knocked out?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, knocked out. I would just give him the, okay, okay, no.
David Mendenhall: 11 hostile.
Kostadis Roussos: Where are you, damn it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 11… alright, what does 11 do?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he's down to, like, 2 other orcs, he's, like, think to himself.
David Mendenhall: Running away.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he flees. Alright. He's disengaging.
David Mendenhall: Can we wrap up the combat, or do I need to make another persuasive speech?
Kostadis Roussos: No, we can wrap it up.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Number 2, over here,
Kostadis Roussos: We'll roll to see whether he flees or runs, like, you know.
David Mendenhall: I mean, I can make another persuasive speech here, why don't I do it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: got it. He's like…
David Mendenhall: I got a 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he got a 12, so… He's like…
Kostadis Roussos: He kind of puts his, greataxe down and says.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, you know, he goes, we friend…
David Mendenhall: Commander blesses you today, my child.
Kostadis Roussos: What does that mean?
David Mendenhall: Lathander blesses you today, my child.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you just said that? Oh, there was no magical… there was no magical…
David Mendenhall: It's just a blessing that I gave him.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He's cool. He thinks that's awesome, and he's, like, just kind of walking away.
David Mendenhall: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Lots to think about.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: shows, M…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he says, Talos offer power. Offender, more power.
Gary Young: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I found you.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, follower of drought, drow, follow Lefender!
Gary Young: That's right.
David Mendenhall: Got it?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Drought.
Gary Young: is powerful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… Lathander, power, beyond doubt. Lathander, all-powerful.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he rushes towards… he rushes towards Valfida and say, I follow Drow Cleric of Lathunder!
David Mendenhall: Wow. We've got a follower!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Alright.
Wade Brown: Welcome to the bony list!
David Mendenhall: I think, oh, you wanna… you wanna stay in camp, or you wanna go… go back to the… the O-works?
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna suck.
Gary Young: Back to the West.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's like, I follow, I follow Lefender, I follow.
David Mendenhall: Oh, he's joining us.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, he's…
David Mendenhall: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: You know?
David Mendenhall: This is amazing. Alright, Orc2 is joining us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I need to give him a name.
David Mendenhall: Orc3, he's the last one.
David Mendenhall: If you'd like to join.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's… he runs off.
David Mendenhall: He runs off, okay.
David Mendenhall: Wow, it worked.
Gary Young: Can Orc10, does he need to…
Kostadis Roussos: He's dead. Oh, or Tim is unconscious.
Gary Young: It's about.
David Mendenhall: Let's, let's, let's persuade him.
Wade Brown: Wake them up.
Wade Brown: With a glorious sunlight sacrament.
David Mendenhall: Here's Corbin.
David Mendenhall: Oh, wait.
Wade Brown: Marvin's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, where's Corbyn? Oh, that was cold, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, Soma, how do you take that? Do you, like… is that just one of those things where you just.
Wade Brown: Got it.
Wade Brown: I mean, I just know he's a naive, young, you know, whippersnapper.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just… just…
Wade Brown: It's just the impudence of youth.
David Mendenhall: If only we had Corbin here.
Gary Young: We need to replace Corbin with Sister Keela.
David Mendenhall: What about Orc? What about Orc 2?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, we need… Orc2 needs a name.
David Mendenhall: work, too!
Kostadis Roussos: Orc2 needs a name.
Gary Young: Sorry, I'll get…
David Mendenhall: Can we ask or two what his name is?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I need to… I need to give… give me a second, I need to give him a name.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Gary Young: Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: See, I need to give him a name.
Gary Young: crawl.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you say thrall?
Gary Young: I did.
Gary Young: token.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Duo work.
Gary Young: than that of Warcraft.
David Mendenhall: Joe Chan.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let's see, name generator.
Kostadis Roussos: Right there.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Prusa.
David Mendenhall: How do you spell that?
Kostadis Roussos: Put that in there.
Wade Brown: Let's go back to Thrall.
Gary Young: That's role is…
Kostadis Roussos: Who's fault.
Kostadis Roussos: Or two is proof of, that's.
David Mendenhall: Krutha? Krutha the Thrall.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, his name is Pritha, but you know, you could always give him a Lothandrian conversion name.
Wade Brown: Yeah, what's his Christian name?
David Mendenhall: Oh!
Gary Young: It's Christian there.
Wade Brown: You know what I mean.
Gary Young: Yeah, it should be just thrown.
David Mendenhall: Harsh, man, harsh.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Gary Young: Well… Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
David Mendenhall: You know, I object.
David Mendenhall: You know, he doesn't know what thrall means, but I know what thrall means.
David Mendenhall: That is not appropriate for our new friend.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: He's worthy of being under my boot.
David Mendenhall: are… Earth.
David Mendenhall: Prutha, it is.
Gary Young: Wow.
Gary Young: His hit points really leveled up.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: Yes. Why? Yes, they did. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so.
David Mendenhall: fixing it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, da-da-dum.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to ask them any questions about what's going on further down, or do you just want to keep marching, like…
Wade Brown: Are there any traps ahead?
Gary Young: We should search the clerics, the, Search the leader's body, too.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll see if there's any treasure on him.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you do that… do you do that, do you do that discreetly, or do you kind of just pointedly in front of Vukraden?
Gary Young: I am… Working on stringing up the body.
David Mendenhall: Talking to Prutha…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, fair.
David Mendenhall: Well, you know, I like to talk, right? I'm very engrossed in the conversation.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, proof.
Gary Young: Barry and I are working on, you know, stringing up the body as a warning.
Gary Young: Alright.
David Mendenhall: I'm definitely not doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: It's a proper left-handed right.
Gary Young: You see the picture of my temple, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Now, Prutha thinks it's totally cool.
David Mendenhall: I bet he does.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, just to be clear, Gary explained the basic principle of Valfinier's approach to Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Is respect for power.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, you know…
David Mendenhall: That is not… that is not what she…
Kostadis Roussos: That is very creepy.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: She's not grumpsh.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no. This is very different. This is like an grumpious, like, chaotic power. This is ordered power. This is eternal power. This is power that's so all-pervasive that people think it's good.
Wade Brown: Power overwhelming.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: I mean.
Gary Young: How overwhelming, that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, like, from a friend…
David Mendenhall: worship me in despair.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, no, it's worse than that. They worship, and they think it's in… that they… this God causes continuous harm, and everybody thinks it's good.
Kostadis Roussos: You could see how somebody from Lenzo Baranzin growing up in the political maddenhouse of that would say, this is, like, the ultimate reflection of power.
Kostadis Roussos: To me, it's supposed to.
David Mendenhall: It's a nice little charity that deserves our support.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, potions of greater… you get a potion of greater healing.
David Mendenhall: Who does?
Kostadis Roussos: You, you craden, are talking to.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm talking to Pritha, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't see you talking.
Kostadis Roussos: You're talking to Prutho.
David Mendenhall: Do you guys have, like, the,
David Mendenhall: The blood money box that I don't know about.
David Mendenhall: Mud money in there.
Wade Brown: We'd tell you, but you don't know about it.
David Mendenhall: I don't know about it.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… he explains himself that he is…
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that, you know, he, he, he,
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that his great-uncle, my great-uncle, was the band's Shabbat.
Kostadis Roussos: Talosians killed him to break resistance and recruit everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Shaman called him Weak, Abomination, and Thunder Meat.
Wade Brown: Under meat.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Where is your tribe now?
David Mendenhall: Join Talos, even though the Telosians killed your great uncle?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Gary Young: power. Out of respect.
Kostadis Roussos: -
Kostadis Roussos: Uncle Wright, make clear, either fight or die. I fought.
David Mendenhall: 3 screens.
Kostadis Roussos: skirmishes. Never killed by choice.
Gary Young: You mean?
David Mendenhall: the right choice coming over to the founder.
Wade Brown: Okay, no.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Wade Brown: No.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he goes…
Wade Brown: over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Great uncle taught one thing. Dawn comes from everyone, even those born in shadow.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Gary Young: Really?
David Mendenhall: It's quite poetic.
Gary Young: Okay.
David Mendenhall: work.
Gary Young: He looks at you funny.
Kostadis Roussos: You saying something about orc and poetry?
David Mendenhall: I, I just never met.
Gary Young: He's saying he'd like to hear some…
David Mendenhall: before. You're my first.
Gary Young: He's saying he'd like to hear more orc poetry.
David Mendenhall: I would!
David Mendenhall: This is, like, in, Hitchhiker's Guide.
Gary Young: That's right. Yes, please.
David Mendenhall: It's more poetry.
Gary Young: Vogan Poetry. Oh, boy.
Wade Brown: Boy.
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that, you know, Eastern Orcs traditionally greet Sunrise with bowed whistle, and he pulls out a whistle, and…
Kostadis Roussos: blows on it.
David Mendenhall: That's loud.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. He goes… he starts to cry.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Gary Young: We, we got…
Wade Brown: Real special.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody want to talk him? Do you want to talk to him?
David Mendenhall: Did you need a hug? Want a hug?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Bye.
Gary Young: I'm gonna roll insight.
Gary Young: 27.
Kostadis Roussos: 27. Alright, he goes, not blown whistle. He realized he hasn't blown the whistle in a very long time.
Gary Young: What whistle?
Kostadis Roussos: He pulled out a whistle, he explained how his… the shaman, who was his great-uncle.
Kostadis Roussos: There was a tradition in his village that… at his clan.
Kostadis Roussos: Whenever they saw the sun in the morning, they greeted the sunrise with a bone whistle.
Gary Young: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: And a single dog. What is the…
Gary Young: what's the range of notes? Like, how big an octave range can the whistle… Play.
Kostadis Roussos: It's one… it's a… it's a whistle.
Gary Young: Can he also play a flute?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he knows how to blow a whistle.
Gary Young: No, I mean, we need more people for our band, right?
David Mendenhall: I bet you could do triangle, that's only one note. You just sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean.
David Mendenhall: Lights.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I don't think you're… I don't… I mean, let me just make sure that the players know this is more like a religious significance kind of thing than a musical thing.
Gary Young: It's, it's within your death shed.
David Mendenhall: Hey, Valfina.
David Mendenhall: You know, he wants to play the whistle at the dawn, but with Lathanzer, it's like it's the dawn all the time. So, like, he could play the whistle all the time.
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Deep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, so, I'm sorry, you were gonna ask, sorry, what were you gonna say?
Gary Young: So I wanted to know, like, where the rest of the Telusians are.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he says, Telosians.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he explains…
Kostadis Roussos: He explains… what does he explain? He explains… he says… he points… he points in a general eastern direction.
David Mendenhall: Well, we were headed somewhere, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're headed to the Circle of the Stones.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: My uncle blew this whistle. They killed him for it. I did not blow it until now.
David Mendenhall: Aww.
Gary Young: I'm not gonna say it, but the thing in my head was… He was weak.
David Mendenhall: Jesus, how do you guys!
Gary Young: I'm not saying good.
David Mendenhall: Jesus!
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
David Mendenhall: I'm touched by this guy!
Gary Young: Yeah, he's great, he's great.
Wade Brown: Nice!
Kostadis Roussos: And he, you know, he's apparently… there was a subcult involving the sun, involving… he goes, and he says that, what else did he say?
Kostadis Roussos: He says one more thing.
Gary Young: The power of the sun has returned to, to rescue your people.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, they… he looks at, he goes and kicks, the, Talosian, the anarchart, Anarchite, and he goes, he say, Talos Strong!
Kostadis Roussos: Uncle weak. He dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Drow in sun, powerful, Telosian, weak.
Kostadis Roussos: And he kicks him some more, grabs his, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: So he's, like, he's very pleased with the whole situation. Alright, okay. So, what?
Gary Young: It's great. Keep going.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's just picking up his old guy like a dummy or whatever, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, it was,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, you know, Valfine, role in a religion check?
Gary Young: Alright.
Gary Young: Walk.
Gary Young: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: role.
Gary Young: Oh my god.
David Mendenhall: Do you want to use your Bardic inspiration on that one?
Gary Young: Yeah, and my bless.
David Mendenhall: All the way up to 12.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I mean, I was gonna… this was a low one, so this is okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Still embarrassing.
Gary Young: Belfield?
Wade Brown: So Cleric, everybody.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you have a religious insight that, you know, you could incorporate this whistle ritual into your evolving religious rituals.
Gary Young: It's a brilliant idea. We should absorb all of the rights that are associated with the sun.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, so you're, you're… you… do you embrace it? Do you tell them that you embrace it, or do you keep it…
Gary Young: Absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he is… But also the pain.
Wade Brown: Paint of it all!
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: I mean, it kind of hurts my ear when he blows the whistle, does that count?
Gary Young: Yes.
Gary Young: It does go.
Wade Brown: We need to hit… we need a ritual for every one of the five senses, is that what's going on here?
Gary Young: Yes, blood.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Gary Young: I said, toughening whistles, and… A brilliant type, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you say?
Wade Brown: Said we need a ritual for all five senses. We've got the sun for your vision, the whistle for your ears, you know, we can probably have some grog or…
David Mendenhall: No.
Wade Brown: Yeah, Grog can, you know, give you your tongue.
Wade Brown: Probably have a skunk spray you or something, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he goes, We go kill other Telosian clerics.
David Mendenhall: Kazaa!
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Just the clerics, we can… we can… the people can join us, right? I know.
David Mendenhall: Maybe just convert the others.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he, he explains. No!
Wade Brown: Anyone not willing to convert?
Wade Brown: Wait, but wait, we could have killed him!
David Mendenhall: Wait, wait, I want to hear what he has to say.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, some members of… some are followers of Talos.
David Mendenhall: Only those.
Kostadis Roussos: But only those who no longer follow Talos, we spare. Everyone else…
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I agree.
Gary Young: Yeah, great. Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Convert or die, yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, seems.
David Mendenhall: That's fair.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's, that's real, sain of us.
David Mendenhall: I would say.
Gary Young: This is the way.
Gary Young: Convert or die.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I, I… Okay!
David Mendenhall: Very fluid on the religion here, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, the thing that, the thing that's very interesting is Lathander seems to be embracing,
Wade Brown: I mean, more followers, right? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, there's, there's something about, about,
Kostadis Roussos: Valfine's approach to the religion that Lathander is finding very interesting.
Gary Young: The strength of the sun.
Gary Young: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: clarity of purpose, the focus, right? I mean, there's something about that that is appealing to her, to Lathander. Like, it is definitely the case that Valfine does not feel further from her god, but somehow the god is…
Kostadis Roussos: Closer to him, to her.
Wade Brown: them.
David Mendenhall: Oh, and you're gonna be the chosen.
Gary Young: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, Tower of Storms. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: That's not the wrong word.
Gary Young: So, Lee, were you not injured?
Wade Brown: Me?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: So the, I took temporary hit point damage.
Gary Young: Okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: the, when they took those attack of opportunities, I…
Wade Brown: I did it… I did it before dropping form. You lose the temporary hit points anyway, so…
Gary Young: Oh, okay.
Gary Young: And Cassadis, didn't the Centaur get injured?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the Centaur is down to 4… is down 14 hit points.
Gary Young: Okay, I healed in 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's back to 44.
Gary Young: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me.
Wade Brown: Tony's down a little, I guess, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, circle, that's what I was looking for. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Wait, why is… Only has 45, not 19 and 14, what?
Gary Young: Yeah, can't heal him.
Wade Brown: How did Boney get down to 19 hit points? He's got 45.
David Mendenhall: This was at 45.
David Mendenhall: With 5 damage?
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's…
David Mendenhall: It's fixed.
Gary Young: Placing Lathander's Blessing on the undead horse. Excellent.
Wade Brown: Does that just make him, like, cringe?
David Mendenhall: Does he, like, burn in pain when you do?
Wade Brown: Wilbur knows!
Gary Young: Yes! Burning and pain of canola.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Really dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so let me just…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… You got to alignments, because you'll be coming in from Earth. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… party.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I'm currently putting you on the map, so give me a second until I…
Kostadis Roussos: And I need an orc.
Kostadis Roussos: I need Bony… you'll put Boney, right? And I need an orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Rosie? Circle, circle, circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie, so I just made sure there's a couple of things. Okay, you guys should see a map now.
Wade Brown: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Wade Brown: Lots of 3D fog of war.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Very slowly paging in to Woodland Mance.
David Mendenhall: Whoa.
Wade Brown: Wha, yeah.
Wade Brown: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: And only smaller cans.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Boney is small?
Wade Brown: I don't know, I can't make these tokens default-sized, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Where do you put token? Do you drop them on all the time?
Wade Brown: Well, so I just pulled them in the same, side panel, the little book thing?
Wade Brown: Like, where you gave me Silma Bear and Silma Spider, they're just all the way at the bottom.
Kostadis Roussos: What's it called?
Wade Brown: Boney and Soma Elk?
Wade Brown: Just all the way at the bottom, scroll all the way down.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so here's what we'll do.
Wade Brown: Also, I can't control him. Yeah.
Wade Brown: I suppose I should have had you make these, oh well.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no. It's just… it's kind of one of these, okay, so this should now work it, and…
Wade Brown: Hey, there's a large bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so it turns out that,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this is a very annoying property, this thing. Let me see, this should now work. Give me a second.
Wade Brown: Morning works now.
Kostadis Roussos: Now he works.
Kostadis Roussos: If… what happens… anyway, okay. If you have multiple boneys.
Wade Brown: I didn't mean to mug.
Kostadis Roussos: You've got so many boneys, it's kind of awkward.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And, what's the name of the other one? Elk, right?
Wade Brown: Zoma Elk should be right next to Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I'm an elk, so this one is, like.
Wade Brown: Huge.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just do this,
Kostadis Roussos: Edit. Use selected token, save changes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that should now give us some elk.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: You only need one…
Wade Brown: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yeah, so just so you know, the trick in all of this is that you bring in the token, you adjusted the default tokens, then you delete the one and then bring it back.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And if you don't do that, you… anyway, really anything proper.
Wade Brown: I gotcha.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: But I can't adjust the defaults, only you can, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, alright, that sucks. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: All right, where… where are we? Yes,
Kostadis Roussos: You… you are just a writer. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Circle… Go Thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Atop the hill is a ring of eight… oh, sorry, I was supposed to read something else. Ominous storm clouds gather in the sky as you approach a 90-foot-tall hill with trees spreading across its slope.
Kostadis Roussos: Atop the hill is a large ring of standing stones. Two ghastly figures dance within this henge, surrounded by a smaller number of capering creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: You're doing, like, a fire dance around it?
Kostadis Roussos: I guess you could say that.
David Mendenhall: Remind me what we're doing here.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean… .
Wade Brown: We're taking care of the orcs.
Gary Young: We're just Yeah, no problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Ruth, Rutha says we are… Kill the orcs of Talos.
David Mendenhall: This is a horse with no rain. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What does that mean?
Wade Brown: The quest, the quest.
David Mendenhall: The name of the quest.
David Mendenhall: Xanth the Centaur has offered to take us to the lair of the evil half-orc spellcasters.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and he's done that, so he feels that his job is here done.
David Mendenhall: So he's leaving.
Wade Brown: Peace out, yo!
David Mendenhall: Like, they're over there. Bye.
Wade Brown: Tour guide.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, he says, I have done. My friend Vukravenius, Together with.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Craz videos.
David Mendenhall: Everybody's Greek.
Kostadis Roussos: I am not Greek, I am a satyr.
David Mendenhall: You're a centaur, with a green.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah, yeah. Huge difference.
Kostadis Roussos: Huge difference. Huge difference. Because, Bukradinhos, this is where a journey separates.
Kostadis Roussos: You go and take care of the orcs. He pauses and says… he taps her on the shell and says, This one, this one was blessed by Meril, and I know that she will do great things.
Kostadis Roussos: Peace, Beauty.
Wade Brown: with you, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes…
Kostadis Roussos: It says, he looks at the staff one more time and, you know, kind of makes everybody feel a bit awkward, and then, hooves off.
David Mendenhall: hooves off.
Wade Brown: You call that hooving.
David Mendenhall: LT.
Wade Brown: I'll show you hooving.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we're also out of time, so we'll.
Wade Brown: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: you're.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, it's 1029.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, this was fun!
Wade Brown: There's an extra bonus.
David Mendenhall: Do you guys have an idea of how we want to approach this? Do we want to convert them, or do we want to just slaughter them?
Kostadis Roussos: So, so just to be clear, these are two anachorite clerics, they're not convertible.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I don't… I don't think we can convert the…
David Mendenhall: I said there were other smaller creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: They're not… .
Gary Young: non-combatants.
Wade Brown: Are they animals? Can I speak with animals?
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I said ominous storm clouds gather in the sky as you approach a 90-foot hill tall with trees spreading across the slope. Atop the hill is a large ring of standing stones.
Kostadis Roussos: Two ghastly figures danced within this hench, surrounded by a number of smaller, capering creatures.
David Mendenhall: those.
Wade Brown: Those, yeah, what are those?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, how many people are here? How many people are in the party? That's 5 people, right?
David Mendenhall: There's 4 plus Prutha and Bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, these guys scale these things really annoyingly. Alright, there are… there, there's a 2, 6, 12, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There's these, like, twiggy things.
David Mendenhall: Twiggy?
Wade Brown: BDDB.
Kostadis Roussos: They're Twigs, twig blights.
Kostadis Roussos: Mom died!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that is a creature.
David Mendenhall: That's 4 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: pictures of that.
Wade Brown: Come into bed, Natasha.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a new character. Especially Dave. Tell Dave to roll a new character. Yes, she's saying everybody should roll a new character. I don't know whether you all heard that.
Wade Brown: I heard it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, good night. Good night, guys.
David Mendenhall: It's an awakened plant.
Kostadis Roussos: So, guys, yeah, so there's 12 of them, just so we're on the same page.
David Mendenhall: It has an intelligence of 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're not convertible.
David Mendenhall: Neutral evil. Shit. Okay.
Wade Brown: There are some…
Kostadis Roussos: There are some…
Wade Brown: Oh, you're looking at the type of critter? Oh.
David Mendenhall: Fireball fodder. If only we had Fireball.
Wade Brown: We do! I keep telling you we do.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what they all say.
David Mendenhall: And I keep telling you, we don't, we're not allowed to use that, it's not ours.
Wade Brown: Hey, look over there!
David Mendenhall: I am holding on to this necklace, you are not… I don't trust you with it.
Gary Young: It went off fire.
Wade Brown: Okay, they're not even… they're not clustered enough for Fireball.
David Mendenhall: split off, I don't know.
Wade Brown: They're not even clustered for it.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Anyway, I've got, like, Thunderweave or something, I think that works pretty well, right? Like… Thunder Wave, oh…
David Mendenhall: I have, I have that card thing that…
David Mendenhall: It is in a cone. That could need to work.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that kinda works.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, they're not… they're not greatly clustered. But anyway… We will say.
Gary Young: Spirit Guardian will work here, too.
David Mendenhall: Yeah. Spirit Guardians plus Dash.
David Mendenhall: Alright, good night, everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Good night, everyone. Bye.
Wade Brown: Good night, y'all.